---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cudo_vm_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-cudo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMInstance data source
---

# cudo_vm_instances (Data Source)

VMInstance data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder identifier attribute.
- `instances` (Attributes List) List of VM Instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `boot_disk_size_gib` (Number) The size of the boot disk in gibibytes (GiB).
- `cpu_model` (String) The model of the CPU.
- `create_by` (String) The name of the user who created the VM instance.
- `datacenter_id` (String) The unique identifier of the datacenter where the VM instance is located.
- `external_ip_address` (String) The external IP address of the VM instance.
- `gpu_model` (String) The model of the GPU.
- `gpu_quantity` (Number) The number of GPUs attached to the VM instance.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the VM instance.
- `image_id` (String) The unique identifier of the image used to create the VM instance.
- `internal_ip_address` (String) The internal IP address of the VM instance.
- `lcm_state` (String) The state of the VM instance in the LCM.
- `memory_gib` (Number) The amount of memory allocated to the VM instance.
- `one_state` (String) The state of the VM instance in OpenNebula.
- `price_hr` (Number) The price per hour for the VM instance.
- `public_ip_address` (String) The public IP address of the VM instance.
- `region_id` (String) The unique identifier of the region where the VM instance is located.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region where the VM instance is located.
- `renewable_energy` (Boolean) Whether the VM instance is powered by renewable energy
- `vcpus` (Number)


