---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cudo_vm Resource - cudo-terraform-provider-pf"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VM resource
---

# cudo_vm (Resource)

VM resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `boot_disk_class` (String) Storage class for boot disk, either 'local' or 'network'
- `boot_disk_size_gib` (Number) Size of the boot disk in GiB
- `config_id` (String) VM config id, from vm config data source
- `image_id` (String) OS image ID on boot disk
- `memory_gib` (Number) Amount of VM memory in GiB
- `vcpu_quantity` (Number) Number of VCPUs
- `vm_id` (String) Your chosen VM identifier

### Optional

- `gpu_quantity` (Number) Number of GPUs
- `password` (String) VM password

### Read-Only

- `cpu_class` (String) The class of the CPU.
- `cpu_model` (String) The model of the CPU.
- `create_by` (String) The name of the user who created the VM instance.
- `datacenter_id` (String) The unique identifier of the datacenter where the VM instance is located.
- `gpu_mem` (Number) The amount of memory on the GPU.
- `gpu_model` (String) The model of the GPU.
- `image_desc` (String) The description of the image used to create the VM instance.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the image used to create the VM instance.
- `lcm_state` (String) The state of the VM instance in the LCM.
- `local_ip_address` (String) The local IP address of the VM instance.
- `one_state` (String) The state of the VM instance in OpenNebula.
- `price_hr` (Number) The price per hour for the VM instance.
- `public_ip_address` (String) The public IP address of the VM instance.
- `region_id` (String) The unique identifier of the region where the VM instance is located.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region where the VM instance is located.
- `renewable_energy` (Boolean) Whether the VM instance is powered by renewable energy


